[light music]
[foreboding music]
[theme music]
[gunshot]
[theme music continues]
[tense music]
You gonna shoot me?
[cocks]
[Interpol officer] Vincenzo Cassano!
[door clanks]
[in Italian]
We're from the Interpol.
We came here to arrest you
and repatriate you.
Vincenzo Cassano, drop your weapon, now.
[gunshot]
[dramatic music]
[dramatic music rises]
[breathing heavily]
No, get back. Get back, please! Please!
[Mr. Jang panting]
[gun cocks]
[tense music]
[breathing heavily]
Guns down, now.
[gunshots]
KIM IN-YONG
Officer Kim.
Officer Baek.
[softly]
Yeah.
When you report back…
tell them that the men from Interpol
went home with no evidence,
and clean up this mess. Am I understood?
[In-yong] Yes.
Do as I say, or I'll kill you.
Makes sense, officer?
Yes.
[clicks tongue]
[clattering]
You go and tell your boss
that his days are numbered,
and I'm coming for him soon.
Yes, Mr. Cassano.
[exhales]
I guess I'll get going, then.
Aren't you forgetting something?
Here's a preview.
[gunshot]
[Mr. Jang]
For a second there, I thought I was dead.
[sighs]
I thought you were just there as bait
for Vincenzo,
so Interpol could catch him.
Yeah, that's right.
Where did you get a gun?
Well…
I bought one. I wanted to kill him.
The Chief Prosecutor
was having Interpol handle this,
why would you get involved?
I'm not stupid. Are you?
Vincenzo is in the Mafia, Ms. Choi.
Deporting him won't be enough
to stop him from killing us.
[Mr. Jang] I mean, it's obvious.
[scoffs]
-[coughs]
-So you're saying
Vincenzo's men were at the rink?
Yeah.
There were five of them hidden inside.
He's good.
Then he's walked all over us again.
That bastard.
I'm sorry.
How did he know Interpol was coming?
He had his men there.
Was he tipped off?
I don't…
I don't know how he knew.
Maybe he has a mole there at Interpol.
Yeah, that must be it. An Interpol mole.
You should keep clear
of guns for a while, bro.
[Joon-woo] Let's go, Ms. Choi.
[Mr. Jang] See you later, Ms. Choi.
I know you're all busy.
You don't have to worry about me.
[exhales sharply]
-[door closes]
-[groans]
You're keeping something from me.
Of course, I'm not.
You see what he did to my arm?
You can be honest with me.
Come on. You don't trust me?
Could you hold my hand? I'm in pain.
-[sighs]
-[Mr. Jang groans]
It hurts.
-I'll call you.
-[Mr. Jang] Hey, where are you going?
EPISODE 18
-So that was your first big play.
-[gasps]
How'd that go for you?
[chuckles]
Well, uh… you know how it is.
You win some, you lose some too.
Let me ask you, you tried to take him on,
what do you think?
Well, I got unlucky.
But next time, things will go better.
You do know what the problem is, right?
VIP WARD
[Mr. Han] What?
I'm worried about you.
Vincenzo is going to be out for blood,
and guess who he's going to gun for.
If you hadn't tried something,
he might have spared your life.
Why? Do you think 'cause I brought
Interpol down on him? There's no way.
Stop trying to play the criminal game.
You're not good at it.
Just keep an eye out.
Focus on staying alive. Got that?
You look terrible.
[groans]
Oh, what ever happened
to respect your elders, huh?
-What happened to that?
-[phone buzzes]
Yes. Chief Prosecutor speaking.
No, thanks.
-[clinks]
-[Cha-young] Cheers.
[Mr. Nam] Cheers.
[Vincenzo and Cha-young exhales]
Whoa! If anything had gone wrong,
you'd be on a plane right now.
[chuckles]
[groans]
It's just too tragic to imagine.
That would've been a bad scene for me.
[chuckles]
[suspenseful music]
[Mr. Jang]
I need to talk to you. It's urgent.
Han Seung-hyuk brought in some agents,
a whole team from Interpol.
They'll be here real soon.
[velcro ripping]
What? Are you scared?
Of course, I am.
I mean, everybody's going to have guns.
Just get one of them near me.
I've got the rest.
-[beeping]
-All hooked up.
-Great job.
-[Mr. Nam] Thanks.
[cocks]
[in Italian]
Are you saying Paolo framed you?
Yes.
How can we trust you?
If my priority had been to escape,
I would have killed you all.
Leave me here. In return…
I have a present for you.
[whistle blows]
[footsteps approaching]
[upbeat music]
[skates scraping]
[guns cocking]
[in Italian] The list of bribes that Paolo
gave to politicians and ministers
and the recordings to prove that.
[in English]
One more thing.
Head to Malta and look for Jason Fund,
a paper company out there.
All their account records
are on that flash drive.
This will get you a promotion, I bet.
[upbeat music]
-Is that heavy?
-No, not at all.
-I can take it.
-I'm fine.
-You sure? Come on.
-Yeah, thanks.
-No, I'm good.
-You must be tired.
-Let me take it.
-I'm not tired. I'm fine.
Why didn't you betray me,
so you could be made chairman?
He would never make me the chairman.
I'm just his puppet.
So I said no.
Well, I'll see you around.
Hang on. Wait, wait, wait.
They'll be suspicious.
Can you shoot me in the arm so that
the bullet doesn't, like, really hurt me?
-In the arm?
-Yeah.
[incredulous sigh]
-Get me the gun.
-It's in here?
-Silencer.
-Quickly.
[breathes nervously]
[sucks teeth]
You know…
you may wanna sit down
in case you pass out..
Don't worry. It's cool. I've got this.
-[gun cocks]
-[shrieks]
I haven't shot you yet.
-Count of three.
[Mr. Jang exhales]
-One. Two.
-[gunshot]
-[screams]
[groans]
Not so bad.
It's not so bad, Grandma.
Grandma? Why are you…
[thud]
[jazz music]
[chomping]
[coughs]
[chuckles]
[laughs]
Ow!
[upbeat music]
Vincenzo.
-Hey, there.
-Hm?
Nice day today.
-Got a sec?
-Want me to beat you up again?
Uh… shit, shit, shit.
After you.
[scoffs]
BYEBYE BALLOON TRAVEL
[clanking]
Uh, something to drink?
Coffee? Jasmine tea?
No, thank you. What do you want?
[Mr. Park sighs]
[Mr. Park] Here's the thing…
Busan, a new hot-air balloon
just arrived there.
Its flight range is incredible.
The latest in balloon technology.
-So why should I care about this?
-[clicks tongue]
VIP
ONE-TIME FREE TICKET
You see, when you're in this line of work,
you may need a getaway plan one day.
You won't have time to book a flight,
or maybe they'll bar you from leaving
the country. Something like that.
So this is…
my getaway plan, is it?
Byebye Balloons helped 47 people.
Sadly, only 45 of them arrived safely.
Still, pretty good success rate.
But… why are you helping me?
We're not even friends.
Okay.
It's like a dream of mine.
[dreamy music]
[sighs]
Once upon a time, I wanted to be
a real life Michael Corleone.
Then, you came along.
Bang!
Man, you're the real deal.
Mm…
[sucks teeth]
Okay, I'll keep it.
[exhales sharply]
One more thing.
Yeah?
Could you…
It would mean a lot
if you called me "bro."
Bro…
[gasps excitedly]
…not gonna happen. Come on.
Right. Sure.
[chuckles]
Oh, he's so cool.
Goosebumps.
[grunts]
Goosebumps!
[shudders]
Step one.
We need to make sure that Jang Han-seok
has no pieces left on the board.
Well, we dealt with Sangcheon-gu.
They're all gone.
So the bigger pieces are all that's left.
[sucks teeth]
And we're going to take them down today.
I think those guys are about to have
a rude awakening.
Mr. Nam, how's the Babel Tower lawsuit?
You better believe it's ready.
Um, and now, you just have to submit it.
[suspenseful music]
[phone buzzes]
[Mr. Hwang] I wish you would.
[laughs]
Monday morning
will be a lot more fun, don't you think?
[official] Yeah.
[laughter and chatter on video]
[Joon-woo] Come to the Glory Sound Cafe
by 3 p.m.
or you'll be held responsible.
Chairman Jang Han-seok.
[exhales sharply]
[door opens]
[classical music]
Why would he wanna meet us here?
What's he planning?
I've got no idea.
What's he playing at
with this public meeting?
The message he sent us really scared me.
He's got some nerve to treat us like this
after all we've done.
[mic screeches]
[Mr. Hwang] The Babel Tower's
construction is under examination,
I heard the entire approval
is under review.
-[Director Tae] From my experience…
-Who did this?
Is this a joke?
Hey. What are you doing? Turn it off.
Turn it off. Turn it off now!
[Mr. Chun] Where's the manager?
[Director Tae] We need someone
to turn this off right now.
What is it, sir?
Hey, you. Have this turned off right now.
Come on, quickly.
Yeah, okay.
[Mr. Jang] Some minor error…
[volume increases]
…with the documentation. It's no big…
Turn it off! What are you…
What are you doing?
Get out of the way. Move!
-Where's the plug?
-[Ms. Choi] Don't you worry.
-[player shuts off]
-[Mr. Hwang breathes heavily]
[pants]
Uh, that was…
-Come on.
-I'm sorry.
Sorry, sir.
[Mr. Hwang] Mr. Jang, I don't know
what you think you're up to--
This had nothing to do with me.
[flustered murmur]
This was at your house.
Someone got a recording of us
from a device
-inside your house!
-[sighs]
-Just give me a--
-And don't think for one second
that you can kill me
like you killed Mr. Seo.
I am not alone here.
If you don't sort this mess out,
I am gonna take action. Got it?
-Mr. Hwang. Mr. Hwang?
-[phone beeps]
[sighs deeply]
Damn it.
[cameras clicking]
In a court of law,
Babel Tower will be proven to be
a corrupt undertaking.
CLAIM FOR DAMAGES
AGAINST ILLEGAL ACTS
What you're about to see
will blow this case open.
[reporter]
Sir, do you have anything to add?
In the Bible, the Tower of Babel falls
because of greed.
And that is exactly what's going to happen
soon in court.
Babel Tower will fall
before it's even built.
Any message for Chairman Jang?
[sighs]
Babel should pay attention.
This one's for them.
"We'll be seeing you."
Camera, zoom.
[in Italian]
Goodbye.
[upbeat music]
[reporters clamoring]
NANYAK TEMPLE
[Hui-su] Hi.
[laughs]
Would you like some fruit?
Sorry, we're going out.
We're begging for alms.
Ah…
You've been begging quite often lately.
[chuckles]
I mean, you go beg
pretty much every day, right?
Things are that bad for you right now?
-[both chuckling]
-No, we're fine.
[Jeokha] You can leave the fruit.
I appreciate it.
-[chuckles]
-Goodbye.
[Hui-su chuckles]
See you soon. Be safe.
[somber music]
[sighs]
There's no way they're making ends meet
with the temple closed.
I feel terrible for them.
[sighs]
[Mr. Lee sighs deeply]
The temple must be in a real bad place
if they're begging every day.
Mm-hm.
They're monks. It's not like
they have any money saved up.
[Hui-su sighs]
Of course, the temple's deserted.
The whole building is empty.
I would go there,
but I'm Christian, you know.
Hey, maybe, we could all chip in a bit.
Give them a bit of hope.
Yeah. Good idea. Let's help them out.
I'll go and see what I can get
from Mr. Tak, okay?
-Thanks.
-All right. Let's see what we can do.
[Vincenzo] The claim's been filed.
What do you say we level
the playing field?
Good. Just how my father
would've wanted the scumbags dealt with.
Patience.
I should be saying the same to you.
See you soon.
[Joon-woo] All right.
[phone beeps]
They examined the whole house,
but no bugs.
So how were we recorded?
There were plenty of people.
It was probably one of them.
No, Vincenzo did this.
[Vincenzo]
The humiliation of a lifetime, remember?
I hope you like chess,
because that's what we're playing.
I'll capture your pieces one by one.
[scoffs]
Bishop, knight, rook…
all of them gone.
If Vincenzo's behind all this,
he knew exactly where to hit us.
They're all a bunch of pathetic,
spineless idiots.
Didn't I tell you to get rid
of those guys?
We didn't need them anymore.
-[Mr. Jang] Nobody listened to me.
-[phone buzzes]
Now, they screwed us.
JIPURAGI FILED A CLAIM
FOR DAMAGES AGAINST BABEL
[sighs]
What? What happened this time?
Jipuragi. They filed a claim
against Babel for damages.
So there's the checkmate.
[sighs deeply]
CLAIM FOR DAMAGES
AGAINST ILLEGAL ACTS
FILED BY: CHO YEONG-UN AND 10 OTHERS
AGAINST: THE BABEL GROUP
PLAINTIFF'S DEMAND
CHIEF PROSECUTOR HAN SEUNG-HYUK
BABEL HAS HIRED ANT COMPANY
TO THREATEN THE TENANTS
[sighs]
[phone buzzes]
VINCENZO
Yes, this is the Chief Prosecutor.
Thanks for sending Interpol after me.
You really shouldn't have gotten
rid of them, you know.
I'm just doing my job.
If this is you "giving it your best shot,"
I'd hate to meet you on a bad day.
Let's meet tonight, make a deal.
If I refuse…
I have no reason to make deals with you.
What about your life?
You have three seconds. One, two…
-[line cuts]
-Oh, wait a sec. He hung up.
Well, that's just great.
What kind of a deal does he want?
[ice clinking]
[sighs]
Bring me a warm towel.
You can get your own.
You always know where I am.
Are you stalking me or what?
You know, I have to say…
that you look pretty calm for a woman
who knows she's going to die.
Hmm.
You didn't think we might just, oh,
I don't know, kill you first?
Not at all.
But if Babel Tower survives the lawsuit,
we'll let you live a little longer.
Don't bother.
If my only goal was to live a happy,
healthy life,
I'd eat more spinach.
Oh…
[clapping]
And yet, I don't think
a long life would suit you.
We… would just hunt you down.
[chuckles]
[Cha-young humming]
VOICE RECORDING
[Hwang-gyu] Pyo Hyeok-pil and I
were ordered by Choi Myung-hee
to kill Hong Yu-chan
and make it look like an accident.
I miss them. My poor Crystal Balls.
Your recording is pointless, you know.
[tense music]
[Hwang-gyu] We've killed the following
people all on Choi Myung-hee's orders.
Congressman Baek Min-u,
Park Dong-cheon of Gudam Police Station,
Deputy Minister Jung Jin-taek,
Lee Seon-u,
Chairman of the Good Politics Committee,
Reporter Lee Yang-su,
and the leader of TQ Logistics'
labor union, Kim Min-hyeok.
You've got a bunch of useless names.
Am I supposed to be impressed?
These…
will be a Christmas present just for you.
Jail time tied up with a bow.
It's a little bit pot calling
the kettle black, wouldn't you say?
Who's the pot?
Ah! I guess you're the pot
and I'm the… kettle.
Vincenzo and you.
You think you'll come out clean
exposing us?
Oh, we're not aiming to come out clean.
We're happy to take you down with us.
-Good. That's the spirit.
-[snaps fingers]
Well, then…
why don't we see
who's victorious in the end.
[tense music]
[gulps, exhales]
[sighs]
Well, so…
I understand that I upset you,
but this is war, Mr. Cassano.
People are bound to get hurt.
Collateral damage, you know.
[Mr. Han chuckles]
So…
you had a deal for me?
[chuckles]
Hm?
Thank you.
-I did have a deal.
-[drink pouring]
-Your life.
-What?
I wanted to let you live,
but after your stunt with Interpol,
you leave me no choice.
[chuckles]
You're kidding.
You don't just bargain with lives.
[chuckles softly]
Are you saying your life
isn't worth the trade?
Hey!
I think you better start watching
your tongue with me.
Listen, I'm the Chief Prosecutor now,
and you're just some lowlife.
[scoffs]
Wisdom is…
supposed to come with age.
Did they not tell you?
You disrespectful brat!
Apologize to me. Take back what you said!
-Damn it. Respect me!
-[bangs table]
-[banging table]
-Uh, hey, morons! I told you,
when I hit the table,
you get your asses in here!
What the hell am I paying you for?
-[Mr. Han] Damn.
-[sighs]
Damn it. My hand.
Could you remind me again…
why you deserve my respect?
Because I have the age, experience…
and the muscle.
[frustrated sigh]
-[gun firing]
-[guards shrieking]
[groaning]
Don't worry.
The bullets went straight through.
Well, what are you waiting for?
Come on. Get up. Go get your guns.
Don't you have any guns?
-Get them out.
-Get out.
[guards groaning]
Get out now.
What are you waiting for?
Somebody, help those guys up.
[guards groaning]
[door closes]
[whimpers]
[whimpering]
Cowards will never have my respect.
[stammers]
I don't deserve your respect.
I'm sorry.
[whimpering]
Please don't kill me.
[upbeat music]
[door closes]
[foreboding music]
[ominous music]
Who are you?
[man] This is what you get
for disrespecting your elders.
[scoffs]
[grunting]
[thwacking]
[grunts, groans]
[grunting]
[thumping]
-[grunting]
-[groans]
[suspenseful music]
[dogs barking in distance]
[grunting]
[panting]
[car horn honks]
[honking]
[suspenseful music]
[panting]
[breathing heavily]
[Joon-woo grunts]
[groans, sucks teeth]
God! Those old sons of bitches!
I don't… I can't believe that they'd just
betray him like that. Bastards!
[Ms. Choi]
They still got some life in them.
I'll give them that, at least.
They're trying to provoke us.
[Mr. Jang] Look at his foot.
We should just kill them,
each and every traitor.
They still control so much
of the country's power.
It may not be the best plan at this time.
It may not be… but we will deal with them.
They're worthless to me now.
Hmm.
[ominous music]
[gulps]
[in Italian]
A devil tantalizes…
another devil.
[ominous music intensifies]
[panting]
[man 1] Yeah! Let's get him!
[tense music]
-[thumps]
-[Mr. Cho groans]
[panting]
[grunting]
[man 1] Get him! Come on!
-[thumping]
-[grunting]
[groans]
-[man 2] Quick. Grab him.
-[Mr. Cho groans]
[man 3] Get him out of here.
[breathing heavily]
You didn't have to hurt him.
[grunts]
So, you know who I am?
Mr. Kim.
My good friend Prosecutor Jung In-kuk,
we go way back, he and I.
He told me to find you.
That Geumga Plaza has something I need…
in the secret room.
[scoffs]
I can't open it.
I would need the device
that's locked inside.
Then, we'll find another way.
Who designed the security system?
Who was it?
I have no idea.
Mr. Wang hired the whole team personally.
When we install security systems abroad,
we always hire local.
You know why? Because the regulations
vary from place to place.
[pours drink]
Here.
[sighs]
I want you to work with my team
starting today.
Do some digging.
Find me all the hackers
and security experts
operating in Korea at the time.
Do you understand?
[scoffs]
How will I do that?
[Mr. Kim] You're an intelligence agent.
Use your intelligence.
Unless you want me to kill your family.
Damn it.
[sighs]
[car approaching]
[tires screech]
[Joon-woo] What the hell is this?
[grunting]
[guards grunting and groaning]
[groaning]
[gun cocks]
[groaning, moaning]
Hey! Go!
Come on! Drive!
[tires squealing]
[tense music]
[gun firing]
[Joon-woo grunts]
[breathing heavily]
[screams angrily]
Mother…
[panting]
CHIEF PROSECUTOR HAN SEUNG-HYUK
Yeah.
[sighs]
We have to do something and soon.
Or else… they're going to kill him.
A shooting in broad daylight.
Bring them in, and arrest Vincenzo.
You think it's that easy?
Seriously?
I can't just arrest someone
who's beating us.
It's too big a risk.
What if he releases the Guillotine file?
We're screwed.
Hey, stop acting like a Mafia chew toy,
and start behaving
like a Chief Prosecutor!
Look, you used to be a good prosecutor.
Why can't you handle this one guy?
-Hey!
-[gasps]
You can't just come to my office
and start screaming!
Keep your voice down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
[clears throat]
Listen…
I… I might have an idea here.
I've been thinking
like the Mafia would think.
Where's the safest place
for the chairman right now?
[snaps]
In prison.
It's so brilliant, isn't it?
This isn't the best time for jokes.
But I'm not joking.
Even Vincenzo Cassano
can't break into a jail cell.
Are you serious?
[Joon-woo]
You're telling me to go to jail?
It won't be for long.
And I promise, you'll be very comfortable.
Ms. Choi, I can't go to prison. Come on.
The whole point of hiding my identity
was to avoid jail.
I understand,
but this will keep you safe.
It's not forever, okay?
To be safe? I don't wanna be locked up.
We have to face it, sir.
Vincenzo…
Vincenzo's closing in.
Damn it!
I mean it, you know.
[in whiny tone]
I don't wanna be locked up!
[Ms. Choi] It's okay.
That cell, it's gonna feel
like a VIP suite.
Oh, shit.
[Joon-woo groans]
-[sighs]
-[taps window]
[tense music]
[Joon-woo sighs]
BABEL GROUP
Jang Han-seok?
We're here from the Namdongbu
Prosecutor's Office.
I have a warrant to place you
under arrest for tax evasion.
Me?
You have the right to remain silent,
you have the right to an attorney,
and to bring to court
a writ of habeas corpus.
Come on. You know he's innocent.
[cuffs clinking]
Be quiet. There are people here.
[cuffs lock]
You'll allow me a minute
to talk to my brother?
You need to launch Babel Bio
while I'm gone.
I postponed it.
What?
There are rumors swirling about Babel Bio.
It's a front for fixing stocks.
That's what people are saying, sir.
Who are you to make that choice?
It wasn't me alone, sir.
The Planning Division
and the Board advised me.
-Hey.
-Sir, you…
you said Elizabeth Holmes
ought to be my inspiration.
[Mr. Jang exhales]
But she's a liar…
a complete fraud.
So what you were really saying
was for me to be a fraud as well.
But I can't do that. I respect you, sir.
-Too much.
-[scoffs]
So…
-you got a death wish?
-[breathes shakily]
[laughs]
I don't believe this.
Why kill me?
I'm just thinking about you.
[cuffs click]
[clicking]
[scoffs]
[clapping]
Take him away.
-[laughs]
-[scoffs]
[tense music]
Anybody want lunch?
[door closes]
[cuffs click]
Get out. Go.
-[Joon-woo] Mm.
-[door opens]
[door closes]
That must've been hard for you, sir.
[exhales]
-Hello, Mr. Jung. Good to see you.
-And the same, sir.
And the same for me, sir.
[laughs]
Vincenzo's gunning for you.
You sure you're up for it?
-Didn't he threaten you?
-Unfortunately, yes, he did, sir.
But a prosecutor never backs down.
Mafia don't frighten me.
He'll be an assistant chief next week.
Just imagine all the power.
[tense music]
[Joon-woo] This is good.
I'm looking forward to it.
Thank you, sir.
Yes, thank you very much.
[clinks]
[jazz music playing]
[exhales]
You certainly know your table manners.
I may not know much,
but I do know all about, like, etiquette.
Oh, it's hot.
-Oh, question.
-Hm?
You're not gonna kill me, are you?
Hm, no.
[sighs in relief]
I believe you feel bad
for all that you've done.
So it looks like I'm repenting, really?
Maybe, this is all an act.
There is some power in words,
but I judge character on action.
And your actions tell me you've changed.
If it's an act, it's a good one.
[exclaims]
Your words are magic.
You're so good with word stuff.
That was a compliment.
You're so cool.
So, why are you helping us
fight your brother?
Mm…
Why help you?
[Mr. Jang] Mm…
It's because…
you're like a brother to me.
It's weird though.
You yell at me and I don't mind.
Playing hockey is actually fun.
And right now,
this is just a drink with a friend.
That's how I feel.
[dramatic music]
[Mr. Jang chuckles]
It's because of the drinks,
don't you worry.
When it's just us,
can I say you're my brother?
No way.
Okay, Mr. Cassano.
Fine, but only when we're alone.
Sure, bro. Sure.
Bro.
[chuckles]
[rain pouring]
[man 1] The food's cold.
[man 2] Yeah, smells weird
but at least it's something to eat.
[indistinct chatter]
[device clicks]
All right.
-Let's go.
-[clicks]
[tense music]
[indistinct chatter]
Come on, get to it.
[indistinct chatter continues]
[tense music]
INTERNATIONAL SECURITY
INTELLIGENCE SERVICE
[keyboard clacking]
[banging wall]
Han-seo, you little shit.
[prison guard]
Inmate 6723, you have a visitor.
[door opens]
[door closes, locks]
Happy you're here. I was bored.
What do you think?
I think I'm rocking this prison look.
[scoffs]
Yeah. It's just like your own vacation.
I've got it made.
It's pretty nice here.
You feel safe, don't you?
Protected?
People here are taking care of you.
You're getting the royal treatment.
Like you've never done the same in Italy.
I'm sorry for being a downer.
Do you honestly think
this was your decision?
[ominous music]
[tires screeching]
[gunshots]
[Vincenzo] You know,
I knew your car was bulletproof.
[tense music]
[panting]
[coughing]
[breathing heavily]
[suspenseful music]
[Vincenzo] Those men,
they were never meant to kill you.
Make the chairman go to jail
for his own safety.
Well, won't he be suspicious?
What if he figures it all out?
What do I do?
Get it done.
Find a reason to arrest him tomorrow.
Oh.
[Mr. Han] Okay, I'll do it.
I'm the reason…
you're here.
[suspenseful music crescendos]
[scoffs]
I love this. It's fun.
An enemy's losing, but…
but he doesn't know why.
So, what are you waiting for?
Just kill me. Stop wasting my time.
Tell me the truth.
Why haven't you done it yet?
You're afraid.
You're afraid of what'll happen to you.
You're scared.
[sighs]
To think that I…
actually thought you were intelligent.
[ominous music]
[theme music]
[Vincenzo] I can tell you the truth, sure.
The Mafia gave me my own nickname.
Gatto sazio.
That means "a sated cat."
Because a cat
that is already full
will still toy with a mouse,
just because it can.
A robber murdered my foster parents
when I was young.
Through the Mafia,
I tormented him for years.
He tried to commit suicide.
I paid to have him recuperated
in the best hospital I could find.
When he got out,
I gave him an incredible meal
before killing him.
And that's why
I've let you lived till now.
You're the mouse I'm toying with.
[scoffs]
And now, you've met me.
The real me.
Rest assured, Mr. Chairman,
I will kill you.
But first, there's something
you have to see.
Babel Tower will meet its end very soon.
I could just walk out of here.
[scoffs]
This is all the information
on your paper company's dealings.
I wouldn't give up
my best evidence that easy.
You think Mr. Jung got the original copy?
[in Italian]
Idiot.
You son of a…
You'll be in here for another month or two
when I pass this along.
And despite the best efforts
of your people,
there's nothing they can do.
[scoffs]
Enjoy your front-row sit.
Babel Tower is coming down.
[tense music]
[screams angrily]
[door opens]
[prison guard] Inmate 6723, let's go.
Get off of me!
[sighs in frustration]
He has the paper company info.
He said there were no copies of it.
Yeah, that's what he told me.
And you thought I'll just believe him?
This is absolutely insane.
Han-seok has serious criminal charges
against him.
[Mr. Jung] He does.
It's unlikely
that we can get him released.
At the rate we're going,
he might as well just live in jail.
Would that be so bad, really?
Hey!
Wait.
I guess Han-seo can get the file.
Let's leave him in jail for a bit longer.
Oh.
That's fine with me.
I've got bigger concerns,
like the Babel lawsuit.
What are Vincenzo and Cha-young
gonna do to us next?
Yeah, about that, sir,
could you postpone my promotion?
I'll take care of Babel
and the chairman's cases.
Just leave them to me.
[phone buzzing]
[in Italian]
Hey, Luca.
[in Italian] Mr. Consigliere,
I've arrived at Incheon Airport.
Incheon?
[in Italian]
What's wrong?
Believe me, I had no idea
this was his doing.
I'm so sorry.
[Joon-woo] Forget it.
I'm safe here?
Yes.
Mr. Jung and I will handle the two cases.
Yours and Babel Tower's.
[clears throat]
So I suppose I'm stuck here, for now?
Yes.
I won't watch Babel Tower fall
from in here.
Get me out. Got it?
Got it. Thank you, sir.
And Han-seo…
you watch him.
He's grown some more brain cells lately.
[hurried footsteps]
Can I help you?
[automated voice over phone]
I'm looking for Vincenzo Cassano.
Oh.
-Consigliere?
-[in Italian] Yes.
[in Italian]
Follow me. Follow me.
-[in Italian] How have you been?
-Oh, coming through.
Luca! Luca! Luca!
Luca! Luca! Luca! Luca! Luca!
[both giggling]
Welcome, Luca.
[in Italian]
Are these your friends?
[chuckles]
Everyone likes you.
Luca!
Oh.
[in Italian]
Consigliere.
Dario and Sebastian have been killed
by the Luciano family.
There's no telling who's next.
[in Italian]
What the hell is Paolo doing?
Paolo was indifferent from the get-go.
There's intel that the police
are planning to catch him,
so he's packing up to leave.
[clenches teeth]
That heartless bastard!
What are they talking about?
I think a few people were murdered,
and Vincenzo, he just said a bad word.
[Luca in Italian]
Consigliere.
Come back to Italy and save our family.
If you don't,
it will be over for our family.
[dramatic music]
[exhales]
[sighs]
[somber music]
[phone buzzing]
[Mr. Cho sighs]
[buzzing continues]
[phone clicks]
I've narrowed the list down
to four possibilities.
Please, turn to the last page.
SEO MI-RI
[Mr. Kim] Look at this.
She lives at Geumga Plaza.
-Yeah.
-[scoffs]
So the vault has its locksmith
right next door.
Hmm.
[exhales sharply]
[sighs]
[lighter clicks]
[wistful music]
[drink pouring]
[laptop chimes]
[exhales]
[mouse clicks]
What?
[wistful music]
[soft rattling]
[somber music]
[sighs]
[Mr. Nam sobbing]
[sobbing continues]
[Mr. Nam] Oh, please, don't go.
Hey, come on.
It's not like he's going off to war.
-Stop it.
-But it is a war.
It's like a war with the Mafia.
What if he has to fight them. He could…
-[sighs]
-Stop.
Stop.
What if I can't?
Mr. Nam,
I'm only going to be away
for a couple of weeks.
A couple of weeks?
And that turns into many weeks,
then a month, and then a couple of months.
[grunts]
Stop!
[sniffles]
I had no idea that you'd be so upset.
Sorry, guys.
Don't worry now. We'll be totally fine.
Chairman Jang is locked up, isn't he?
Oh, come on. It's not so bad.
[chuckles]
Geumga Plaza is super secure.
[dramatic music]
[sighs]
[Mr. Nam sobbing softly]
[Cha-young sighs deeply]
-Hey, Mr. Nam
-[sobbing quietly]
No need to cry for Vincenzo.
Now, pull yourself together.
[sobbing]
[Mr. Nam sniffles]
[sniffles]
[exhales heavily]
[Yeon-jin] Hey, quick, he's here!
[Hui-su] Coming!
Hold on.
[pants]
This is red pepper paste
and seasoned dried radish for you.
Don't forget to eat them
on your flight, okay?
I'll pack them away for you.
Mr. Cassano, my mom made you
some pickled lettuce too.
[Mi-ri] Hmm.
[chuckles]
[Mi-ri] I'll put it with the rest.
And this will bring you good luck.
Don't lose it, okay?
Keep it in your pocket.
Right. They say that
it has magical powers.
-Thanks so much.
-[Mr. Lee] Of course.
We're gonna take real good care
of this place, man.
And you are coming back for sure,
aren't you?
What are you an idiot?
Of course, he's coming back.
We'll be waiting for you.
I know you'll be fine.
To keep you safe,
we will pray to the Buddha.
Oh, Merciful Buddha.
I appreciate it.
Careful, okay?
Thanks, bro.
[Ms. Yang sobbing]
[clears throat]
[dramatic music]
Have a safe flight.
You should go.
You got your passport? Yeah?
[Mr. Nam] I'm okay.
[Larry] Have a safe trip.
[Hui-su]
Don't forget to eat your vegetables.
[Yeon-jin] And come back soon.
[Mi-ri] Goodbye.
[Ms. Yang sobbing]
-[Yeon-jin] It's all right.
-He'll be back soon.
It's just two weeks.
-Two weeks?
-Hey. Are you crying?
[Yeon-jin] Yeah, he is.
-What?
-[Yeon-jin] You are, aren't you?
[Vincenzo] I can take it from here.
[Cha-young] I wanna see you off.
I'm fine.
I'll be back soon.
Prep the lawsuit while I'm gone.
Yeah.
And don't you worry.
I'm not expecting an expensive souvenir.
You're off the hook.
[chuckles]
[both laughing]
Now, go and relax before your flight.
[wistful music]
Make sure you call me
if you need to.
Don't worry about us.
Well, then…
[Cha-young] Bye, Luca.
[wistful music]
[exhales]
[indistinct announcement over PA]
[Cha-young] Hey, wait!
[breathes heavily]
[in Italian]
Friends are…
like one soul
in two bodies.
[chuckles]
[laughs]
Please don't get yourself hurt.
It would hurt me as well.
I promise.
[dramatic music]
[dramatic music rises]
Would you like some wine?
I'm all right.
[dramatic music continues]
HOW TO BEFRIEND A BIRD
[piano playing]
[ominous music]
[muffled grunt]
[whimpering]
Ms. Seo,
we meet at last.
[Mr. Kim] Now, we won't become friends,
so I'll skip the introduction.
Open it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know how to.
[gasps]
[sighs]
Keep lying to my face, Ms. Seo,
and I'll kill you.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[chuckles softly]
Did you see him off okay?
I sure did.
[wistful music]
He just has some business to take care of.
He'll be back before you know it.
Yeah.
But I got so used to having him around,
you know.
[Mr. Nam chuckles]
What's two weeks?
We'll be too busy
with the trial to miss him.
Yeah, we should focus on prepping for it.
Showtime.
-[chuckles]
-[sighs]
-[Cha-young] Showtime!
-[both laughing]
[chuckles]
[wistful music]
[clears throat]
[digital trilling]
[tense music]
[Mr. Kim exhales]
[keyboard clacking]
[sighs]
[typing continues]
-[device chimes]
-[lock clicks]
It's open.
[sighs]
It's empty. Where's the gold?
Where's the file?
I have absolutely no idea.
You! Where'd you put everything?
I promise you. I'm telling the truth here!
[grunting]
You little…
Answer me.
You tell me where it is!
-[grunts]
-[groans]
Damn it.
Go, come on.
Hey!
[grunts]
-[fighting grunts]
-[goon] Get off!
[yelling]
Mr. Tak!
Mr. Lee!
Mr. Park!
[Mi-ri panting]
[Cha-young] What's wrong?
Some guys broke into the Nanyak Temple.
What did they want?
[footsteps approaching]
Mr. Nam, you need to go
and call the others. Hurry!
No way. I'm not gonna leave you alone.
Come on!
Now, Ms. Seo…
you come over here
while I'm still asking nicely.
Who are you?
These matters don't concern you.
You better stay out of it.
They concern me as Ms. Seo's attorney.
Ah…
Jipuragi. Hong Yu-chan's
precious little girl, right?
What do you know about my father?
I know enough.
He was a brilliant man.
I'll bet you thought so.
Back off.
Hey, now…
Didn't he teach you
to respect your elders, Ms. Hong?
He taught me how to show zero respect
for men like you.
Bring her to me.
You need to back off. Get away from her.
[laughs]
[grunts]
-[Cha-young cries]
-[grunting]
-[bones crack]
-[goon groans]
[Cha-young and Mi-ri gasp]
[suspenseful music]
[suspenseful music rises]
[bone cracks]
[in Italian]
Stop right there.
[groans]
-[glass shatters]
-[goon screams]
[loud thud]
Mr. Cassano.
[in English]
Did they hurt you?
Why didn't you go?
Don't worry about it right now.
Besides…
I forgot to feed Inzaghi.
[snorts]
[chuckles]
[sighs]
I would stand back if I were you.
So you're the famous Vincenzo Cassano.
You got the memo.
I'm gonna make you pay. Let's get to work.
[sighs]
[suspenseful music]
[closing theme music]